easier contributions. (#422)
vuejs/vue-class-component: README.md

ECMAScript / TypeScript decorator for class-style Vue components.

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/vue-class-component.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vue-class-component) [![Gitpod Ready-to-Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gitpod-Ready--to--Code-blue?logo=gitpod)](https://gitpod.io/#https://github.com/vuejs/vue-class-component) 

## Document

See [https://class-component.vuejs.org](https://class-component.vuejs.org)

## Online one-click setup for contributing

> Contribute to Blaze using a fully featured online development environment that will automatically: clone the repo, install the dependencies and start the docs web server and run `yarn dev`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contribute to Vue Class Component using a fully featured online development environment that will automatically: clone the repo, install the dependencies and start the docs web server and run `yarn dev`.
```

Forgot to replace the package name?
